well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
because the last few videos i've gotten
a lot of questions
um you know we've been talking about the
manuals and we've been talking about
what it's like to try to manage a
situation like this
where you have a bunch of people in the
streets and we're talking about best
practices
people have been asking what it's like
from the other side
because a lot of people don't see how
easy it is to transition
from a group of people with a lot of
discontent
who are just out in the streets into
something a little
more intense and
that's what we're going to talk about
today we're going to talk about it
from the inside what it looks like if
you are
part of that movement so you can
understand
how it occurs and how that transition
happens because
a lot of times it see it's kind of
imperceptible to the people inside of it
until it's knocked
historically every one of these
situations is different
but they're all the same
the specifics are different but the
general storyline
is pretty much always the same there's a
bunch of people in the street
there's an overreaction uh you know they
the powers that be the establishment in
that country
uses the iron fist
and it provokes a reaction more people
join
and these people are angrier these
people the people that show up
after the iron fist gets deployed
they're it's counter-intuitive but they
are
tend to be more extreme than the people
who were there in the beginning
because they're not showing up for a
grievance
they're showing up because of a moral
injury
they saw something that they just could
not stand
so then they show up and they join um
what happens at that point is that
things
escalate and more than likely
if the government is set on that track
if the establishment in the country is
set on using the iron fist
they continue and eventually there's an
accident
there's an overreaction it's almost
never anything
intended historically speaking
it's never something that is planned out
it's something um
if you're in the united states think of
how our revolution started
the boston massacre right if you're in
the uk think of bloody sunday
it is what it is that's how it happens
it's almost never intended on the part
of the establishment
on the part of the government they don't
mean to do it but they do
something happens and it spirals out of
control
once that happens the movement in the
street
splits but not really
it's still unified but it divides into
five elements
those five elements are leadership
soldiers underground auxiliary
and mass base now this is current
terminology if you've got an older
edition of one of these manuals
we'll i'll fill you in um
the leaders are exactly what they sound
like they don't do much
they provide ideological guidance and
loose
objectives that's it these soldiers
are anybody this can be defined as
anybody who
picks up arms okay anybody
and it doesn't matter what kind those
are the soldiers
different editions of these manuals use
different terms
um so
when you're looking at it don't look for
the term look for the definition
where it's talking about taking up arms
those are
soldiers it it this varies from year to
year because different terms come in and
out of vogue
um i think the current term they use is
just combatant
uh then you have the underground now the
underground
are people who help with logistics
transport housing uh propaganda
operations
okay they don't
actually pick anything up though
okay they're not out there they're
they're the logistical side of it
then you have auxiliaries auxiliaries
are
people who never engage in any form of
actual operation but maybe they provide
information
that they saw accidentally like
a good example would be like a shepherd
who happens to be near a base
and sees something and tells them
okay they may run courier operations
most of the time these people
are less ideologically motivated and
more motivated by
uh money or ego um
you know they they they want to be
involved but they don't want to risk
anything
and then you have mass base uh which are
just the average people who agree with
them
but don't do anything they don't get
involved
uh in any way shape or form other than
the normal functions
of government so in the united states
these would be people who
signed petitions and called their
representatives
while all of this was going on that's
the mass base now if you have
a much older version of one of these
manuals you only have four
you only have four elements auxiliary
and mass base
used to be one thing called sympathizers
and then it split
they split it into people that took some
action to directly benefit
that movement and those who didn't
so if if yours is a little different
that's why
this happened 15 years ago
so if you've got one of the older ones
you may not have five elements you may
have four um
and in some of them i think they call it
uh
i think they have different terms for
auxiliary as well or for underground
but those are the base definitions so
that movement
that was in the street it it splits and
it turns into the people decide
where they fit in best in these five
categories
they still stay together in the sense of
their their
in pursuit of the same goal as typically
outlined by whoever the leadership
becomes
but they they they're different
obviously they have different levels of
commitment
they have different motivations and
they also tend to be
tend to be different as far as their
station in life
those who you know become soldiers
these are typically people without
families
these are typically people who maybe
they have a record um
they don't have uh
they don't have anything tying them down
because in this situation once it
progresses to this level
you don't go to the event and then go
home
you're mobile until it's over and as we
discussed yesterday
these things take a lot of time minimum
commitment
if it goes to something like this is six
years
um and it that that's the minimum
they can go on a whole lot longer as
we've seen recently
um so this is the
organizational structure uh in the sense
of the different
types of people involved now they adopt
different command structures which could
be
you know based on cells or they could
try to
organize into a more regular
military would like rank and stuff like
that
it all depends on the culture of the
country
and the area that they're operating in
in a
in more rules rural areas they tend
to become more formalized in urban areas
they tend to just be small groups
tightly knit groups
that and they tend to operate
independently
they get ideas from the leadership but
they may not have any direct
contact with them which makes it very
hard
for their opposition now hopefully
you're never going to need this
information but it's important to know
not necessarily
for what's going on right now but when
normalcy returns and the united states
empire goes on about its business
this gives you a better understanding of
what's happening in these other
countries
and how those movements
transitioned into what we see when it
finally hits
our news
a lot of these people and portland is a
good example
you know right now you've got green
berets navy vets
marines out in the streets those will
probably become the soldiers
and you have those activists who were
there from the beginning
they would probably become the
underground
the moms the wall of moms
they become the auxiliary those people
who show up
and get their selfie taken well they're
the mass base
that's how it works uh so you can see a
direct line and a direct transition
again i don't necessarily think you're
going to need this information here
but since people are interested in it
and it will foster
understanding in foreign events later
it seemed like a good time to bring it
up anyway it's just a thought y'all have
a good night